Guo Yuchen was diagnosed with advanced cancer
And AIDS.
I guess I won't live
You deserve it, sister
I heard that you made Guo Yuchen vomit blood that day
So what's going on?
It's not me, it's Su Ying.
Marry her
Su Yingying, doesn't he like Gu Ruicheng?
Well, he is also the person who hates Gu Ruicheng the most
Ever since Gu Ruicheng found out that he was an illegitimate daughter?
I turned my face and didn't recognize anyone
The so-called enemy of the enemy is a friend
I'm on the same page as him, right?
Then you solved the big problem in your heart
Do you want to consider falling in love?
Brother, this is a lot of resources.
Isn't it nice to be like this now?
Why are you looking for a boyfriend to serve others?
Who dares to let my sister serve him?
Nan Nan is looking for a boyfriend and should let that kid take care of him
Brother, why didn't you see him?
he
Went on a blind date
What blind date?
Hello ma'am, what would you like to drink?
Who are you beautiful woman
Are you on a blind date with Su Mingzhe?
Who are you?
He's my man. I had three babies with him
Now pregnant again
After finding him kneeling yesterday
He hit me.
In fact, our first, I am also his big diao father
Hahaha
Hahaha my life
Ah!
So bitter